Task/doc updates (#1409)
LLNL/RAJA: docs/sphinx/dev_guide/ci_tasks.rst

``<MACHINE>-build-and-test.yml`` file in the 
`RADIUSS Shared CI <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-shared-ci>`_ project.
Create a branch there, add the job entry, and create a pull request.

Modifying a configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To change an existing configuration, change the corresponding spec item, 
such as the compiler version, or cuda version in the appropriate
``RAJA/.gitlab/<MACHINE>-build-and-test-extra.yml`` file. Make sure to 
also modify the job label accordingly.

To modify a shared configuration, it must be changed in the appropriate
``<MACHINE>-build-and-test.yml`` file in the 
`RADIUSS Shared CI <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-shared-ci>`_ project.
Create a branch there, modify the job entry, and create a pull request.

.. important:: Build spec information used in RAJA GitLab CI pipelines
               must exist in the ``compilers.yaml`` file and/or 
               ``packages.yaml`` file for the appropriate system type in
               the `RADIUSS Spack Configs <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-spack-configs>`_ repo.

               If the desired entry is not there, but exists in a newer version 

>                of the RADIUSS Spack Configs project, update the RAJA submitted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               of the RADIUSS Spack Configs project, update the RAJA submodule 
```

Author: Fixed

is the name of the LC platform where it will be run. When adding a 
RAJA-specific test configuration, it is important to note two 
items that must be set properly:

  * the unique **job label**, which identifies it in the machine configuration
    file and also on a web page for a GitLab CI pipeline
  * the build **Spack spec**, which identifies the compiler and version,
    compiler flags, build options, etc.

For example, an entry for a build using the clang 12.0.1 compiler with CUDA 
11.5.0 on the LC lassen machine would be something like this:

.. code-block:: bash

  clang_12_0_1_cuda_11_5_0:
    variables:
      SPEC: " ~shared +openmp +tests +cuda cuda_arch=70 %clang@12.0.1 ^cuda@11.5.0"
    extends: .build_and_test_on_lassen

Here, we enable OpenMP and CUDA, both of which must be enabled to use them, 
and specify the CUDA target architecture 'sm_70'.

To add a shared configuration, it must be added to the appropriate
``<MACHINE>-build-and-test.yml`` file in the 
`RADIUSS Shared CI <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-shared-ci>`_ project.
Create a branch there, add the job entry, and create a pull request.

> A spec containing the compiler and version information for the machine must 
> exist in the `RADIUSS Spack Configs project <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-spack-configs>`_. If it does not exist there, create a branch, add the spec entry,
> and create a pull request. After the PR is merged, update the RADIUSS Spack
> Configs submodule in RAJA to be able to run it in GitLab CI.

Reviewer 2: I find it confusing to use `spec` to talk about compilers in spack although it
correct to say that we need the compiler spec to be defined.

```suggestion
.. important:: The build toolchain (compilers, cuda, hip) information for the
               machine must be defined in the appropriate spack configuration files
               (`compilers.yaml` or `packages.yaml`) shared in the
               `RADIUSS Spack Configs project <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-spack-configs>`_.
               If it does not exist there, create a branch, add the compiler entry,
               and create a pull request. After the PR is merged, update the RADIUSS
               Spack Configs submodule in RAJA to be able to invoke the new toolchain
               in GitLab CI.
```

Modifying a configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To change an existing configuration, change the relevant information in the 
> configuration, such variant(s) or target compute architecture, in the 
> appropriate 
> ``RAJA/.gitlab/<MACHINE>-build-and-test-extra.yml`` file. Make sure to 
> also modify the job label, so it is descriptive of the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change a RAJA specific configuration, change the relevant information
in the configuration, such as variant(s) or target compute architecture, in
the appropriate ``RAJA/.gitlab/<MACHINE>-build-and-test-extra.yml``
file. In that case, make sure to also modify the job label, so it is descriptive
of the configuration.
```

To modify a shared configuration, it must be changed in the appropriate
``<MACHINE>-build-and-test.yml`` file in the 
`RADIUSS Shared CI <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-shared-ci>`_ project.
Create a branch there, modify the job entry, and create a pull request.

> .. important:: Build spec information used in RAJA GitLab CI pipelines
>                must exist in the ``compilers.yaml`` file and/or 
>                ``packages.yaml`` file for the appropriate system type in
>                the `RADIUSS Spack Configs <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-spack-configs>`_ repo.

Reviewer 2: This is a repetition of the final note of previous section.

```suggestion
```

Author: Yup. Thanks. Fixed.

>                If the desired entry is not there, but exists in a newer version 
>                of the RADIUSS Spack Configs project, update the RAJA submodule 
>                to use the newer version. If the information does not exist in 
>                any version of the RADIUSS Spack Configs project, create a 
>                branch there, add the needed spec info, and create a pull 
>                request. Then, when that PR is merged, update the RAJA submodule
>                to the new version.

Reviewer 2: Remove the rest of the repetition.

```suggestion
```

Author: I made different changes that should have the same resulting effect.

Changing run parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The parameters for each system/system-type on which we run GitLab CI for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameters for each system/scheduler on which we run GitLab CI for
```

Author: changed.

RAJA, such as job time limits, resource allocations, etc. are defined in the 
``RAJA/.gitlab/custom-jobs-and-variables.yml`` file. This information can
remain as is, for the most part, and should not be changed unless absolutely 
necessary.

Sometimes a particular job will take longer to build and run than the 
default allotted time for jobs on a machine. In this case, the time for the
job can be adjusted in the job entry in the associated 
``RAJA/.gitlab/<MACHINE>-build-and-test-extra.yml`` file.
For example:

.. code-block:: bash

  gcc_8_1_0:
  variables:
    SPEC: " ${PROJECT_RUBY_VARIANTS} %gcc@8.1.0 ${PROJECT_RUBY_DEPS}"
    RUBY_BUILD_AND_TEST_JOB_ALLOC: "--time=60 --nodes=1"
  extends: .build_and_test_on_ruby

> This example sets the build and test allocation time to 60 minutes and to 
> run on one node. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example sets the build and test allocation time to 60 minutes and the
run resource to one node. 
```

Author: fixed

Allowing failures
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Sometimes a shared job configuration is known to fail for RAJA. To allow
the job to fail without the CI check associated with it failing, we can
annotate the job for this. For example:

.. code-block:: bash

  ibm_clang_9_0_0:
    variables:
      SPEC: " ${PROJECT_LASSEN_VARIANTS} %clang@ibm.9.0.0 ${PROJECT_LASSEN_DEPS}"
    extends: .build_and_test_on_lassen
    allow_failure: true

> 

Reviewer 2: Here we should add an "important note" about overriding specs. This was done well in the ci.rst:
Something like:

```suggestion

.. important:: When a shared job needs to be modified for RAJA specifically, we call
             that "overriding": The job label must be kept the same as in the 
             ``<MACHINE>-build-and-test.yml`` file in the 
             `RADIUSS Shared CI <https://github.com/LLNL/radiuss-shared-ci>`_, 
             and the job implementation can be adapted. Please add a comment to
             describe the nature of the change.

```

Author: done.
